well howdy there internet people let's
bow again so this video is important for
everybody everybody but it is especially
important for women while this topic
impacts everyone when it spins out of
control the consequences tend to be more
severe for women okay so today we are
going to talk about using your voice
we're going to talk about being too
close we're going to dispel some myths
and we're going to be able to do all of
this because we're going to talk about
what we can learn from Tanisha Pugsley
Tanisha cop detective in Montgomery
Alabama if you are not familiar with the
southern United States Montgomery is not
a small southern town if you are a
detective in Montgomery you can hold
your own this is not a weak woman not a
passive woman not a dependent woman she
she had an altercation with her
ex-boyfriend she's a cop follow the law
the suggestion got a protective order
that protective order is a piece of
paper it's what it is
it's another suggestion it's a piece of
paper can it help yes yes can it deter
some people yes can it help build a case
later yes will it stop someone no it's a
piece of paper
perhaps boyfriend was just charged
capitally and her death this is a woman
who was not weak who could hold her own
had a weapon knew the law hurts a lot of
those stereotypes doesn't it because
that's who this happens to we dependent
passive women
you just need to run out to the store
pick you up something to handle that go
get a protective order takes himself
defense classes all of it was done all
of it sometimes you're too close
sometimes you were too close and you may
not see see the danger if she had a call
and was rolling up to a domestic and was
by herself think she would have called
for backup probably probably because I'm
sure she knew these things can spin out
of control in the blink of an eye she's
too close didn't think that would happen
if you are in this situation
use your voice call for backup if you've
been watching this channel long enough
you know there are shelters nationwide
and some of them are like the marshals
they will show up when that person least
expects it they will pick you up you
will disappear and they will help you
put your life back together there are
phone numbers you can call the national
hotline is one eight hundred seven nine
nine seven two three three that is one
eight hundred seven nine nine seven two
three three you don't have to go through
this alone it's not a good idea to go
through it alone use your voice call for
backup the resources exist if you knew
somebody going through this you would
want to help right everybody else does
to call there is no reason not to use
your voice anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day